README.md, before:

## Hey there! I'm Insharah Syed
## Welcome to my creative corner on GitHub! 🚀
<img width="1903" height="947" alt="Screenshot 2026-01-29 200404" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3f529403-211e-4e89-9079-94ead9705f0f" />

## LIVE DEMO
 https://insharah-syedd.github.io/PORTFOLIO/


I built this portfolio to show my journey as a Frontend Developer & Web Designer. It’s not just about code; it’s about creating digital experiences that feel smooth and look beautiful.

## What makes this Portfolio special?
I didn't want a static page, so I added some "soul" to it:

Buttery Smooth Animations: I used GSAP to make sure every scroll feels premium.

Interactive Elements: Check out the custom cursor—it's my favorite part!

Real-time Connectivity: The contact form is powered by EmailJS, so your messages land straight in my inbox without a complex backend.

Clean & Responsive: Whether you're on a phone or a 4K monitor, it looks pixel-perfect.

## 🛠️ My Tech Toolbox
I love keeping things lean and fast. For this project, I used:

Languages: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (ES6+).

Magic: GSAP (GreenSock) for animations.

Icons: FontAwesome.

Resume: Hand-crafted and available for download in the Assets folder.

## 📁 Inside the Project
Here is how I’ve organized my files:

index.html - The structure of my digital home.

style.css - All the colors, fonts, and layouts.

script.js - The brain behind the animations and form logic.

/Assets - All my images, icons, and my Resume PDF.

## ☕ Let’s Connect!
I’m always up for a chat about design, tech, or new opportunities.

LinkedIn: [Insert your link here]

GitHub: @Insharah-syedd

Commit message:

Update LinkedIn link in README

README.md, after:

## Hey there! I'm Insharah Syed
## Welcome to my creative corner on GitHub! 🚀
<img width="1903" height="947" alt="Screenshot 2026-01-29 200404" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3f529403-211e-4e89-9079-94ead9705f0f" />

## LIVE DEMO
 https://insharah-syedd.github.io/PORTFOLIO/


I built this portfolio to show my journey as a Frontend Developer & Web Designer. It’s not just about code; it’s about creating digital experiences that feel smooth and look beautiful.

## What makes this Portfolio special?
I didn't want a static page, so I added some "soul" to it:

Buttery Smooth Animations: I used GSAP to make sure every scroll feels premium.

Interactive Elements: Check out the custom cursor—it's my favorite part!

Real-time Connectivity: The contact form is powered by EmailJS, so your messages land straight in my inbox without a complex backend.

Clean & Responsive: Whether you're on a phone or a 4K monitor, it looks pixel-perfect.

## 🛠️ My Tech Toolbox
I love keeping things lean and fast. For this project, I used:

Languages: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (ES6+).

Magic: GSAP (GreenSock) for animations.

Icons: FontAwesome.

Resume: Hand-crafted and available for download in the Assets folder.

## 📁 Inside the Project
Here is how I’ve organized my files:

index.html - The structure of my digital home.

style.css - All the colors, fonts, and layouts.

script.js - The brain behind the animations and form logic.

/Assets - All my images, icons, and my Resume PDF.

## ☕ Let’s Connect!
I’m always up for a chat about design, tech, or new opportunities.

LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/insharah-syed

GitHub: @Insharah-syedd
